Task 1. Explore the default network
  Delete the Firewall rules
  1. In the left pane, click firewall.
  2. Select all default network firewall rules.
  3. Click Delete.
  4. Click Delete to confirm the deletion of the firewall rules
  Delete the default network
  1. In the left pane, click VPC networks.
  2. Select the default network.
  3. Click Delete VPC network.
  4. Click Delete to confirm the deletion of the default network.
     Wait for the network to be deleted before continuing.
  5. In the left pane, click Routes.
     Notice that there are no routes.
  6. In the left pane, click Firewall.
     Notice that there are no firewall rules.
  Try to create a VM instance
  1. On the navigation menu, click Compute Engine > VM instances.
  2. Click Create instance.
  3. Accept the default values and click Create.
     Notice the error.
  4. Click Management, security, disks, networking, sole tenancy.
  5. Click Networking.
     Notice the No local network available error under Network interfaces.
  6. Click Cancel.
Task 2. Create a VPC network and VM instances
  Create an auto mode VPC network with Firewall rules
  1. On the Navigation menu, click VPC network > VPC networks.
  2. Click Create VPC network.
  3. For Name, type mynetwork.
  4. For Subnet creation mode, click Automatic.
     Auto mode networks create subnets in each region automatically.
  5. For Firewall, select all available rules.
     These are the same standard firewall rules that the default network had.
     The deny-all-ingress and allow-all-egress rules are also displayed, but you cannot check or uncheck them because they are implied.
     These two rules have a lower Priority (higher integers indicate lower priorities) so that the allow ICMP, custom, RDP and SSH rules are considered first.
  6. Click Create.
     When the new network is ready, notice that a subnet was created for each region.
  7. Explore the IP address range for the subnets in us-west1 and europe-central2.
  Create a VM instance in uswest-1.
  1. On the Navigation menu, click Compute Engine > VM instances.
  2. Click Create instance.
  3. Specify the following, and leace the remaining settings as their defaults:
     Name: mynet-us-vm
     Region: uswest-1
     Zone: us-west1-a
     Series: E2
     Machine type: e2-micro (2 vCPU, 1 GB memory)
  4. Click Create.
  Create a VM instance in europe-central2
  1. Click Create instance.
  2. Specify the following and leave the remaining settings as their defaults:
     Name: mynet-eu-vm
     Region: europe-central2
     Zone: europe-central2-a
     Series: E2
     Machine type: e2-micro (2 vCPU, 1 GB memory)
  3. Click Create
Task 3. Explore the connectivity for VM instances  
  Verify connectivity for the VM instances
  1. On the Navigation menu, click Compute Engine > VM instances.
     Note the external and internal IP addresses for mynet-eu-vm.
  2. For mynet-us-vm, click SSH to launch a terminal and connect.
  3. To test connectivity to mynet-eu-vm's internal IP, run the following command, replacing mynet-eu-vm's internal IP:
     "ping -c 3 <Enter mynet-eu-vm's internal IP here>'
  4. To test connectivity to mynet-eu-vm's external IP, run the following command, replacing mynet-eu-vm's external IP:
     "ping -c 3 <Enter mynet-eu-vm's external IP here>'
  Remove the allow-icmp firewall rules
  1. On the Navigation menu, click VPC network > Firewall.
  2. Select the mynetwork-allow-icmp rule.
  3. Click Delete.
  4. Click Delete to confirm the deletion.
     Wait for the firewall rule to be deleted.
  5. Return to the mynet-us-vm SSH terminal.
  6. To test connectivity to mynet-eu-vm's internal IP, run the following command, replacing mynet-eu-vm's internal IP:
     'ping -c 3 <Enter mynet-eu-vm's internal IP here>'
  7. To test connectivity to mynet-eu-vm's external IP, run the following command, replacing mynet-eu-vm's external IP:
     'ping -c 3 <Enter mynet-eu-vm's external IP here>'
  Remove the allow-custom firewall rules
  1. On the Navigation menu, click VPC network > Firewall.
  2. Select the mynetwork-allow-custom rule.
  3. Click Delete.
  4. Click Delete to confirm the deletion.
     Wait for the firewall rule to be deleted.
  5. Return to the mynet-us-vm SSH terminal.
  6. To test connectivity to mynet-eu-vm's internal IP, run the following command, replacing mynet-eu-vm's internal IP:
     'ping -c 3 <Enter mynet-eu-vm's internal IP here>'
  7. Close the SSH terminal:
     'exit'
  Remove the allow-ssh firewall rules
  1. On the Navigation menu, click VPC network > Firewall.
  2. Select the mynetwork-allow-ssh rule.
  3. Click Delete.
  4. Click Delete to confirm the deletion.
  5. Wait for the firewall rule to be deleted.
  6. On the Navigation menu, click Compute Engine > VM instances.
  7. For mynet-us-vm, click SSH to launch a terminal and connect.
  
