Task 1. Build Infrastructure
  1. Create the main.tf file:
     touch main.tf
  2. Click the open editor button on the toolbar of Cloud Shell.
  3. In the Editor, edit the main.tf file.  A sample main.tf file is included within this repository.
  Initialization
  - Initialize your new Terraform configuration by running the terraform init command in the same directory as your main.tf file:
    terraform init
  Creating resources
    1. Apply your configuration now by running the command terraform apply:
       terraform apply
    2. The plan looks acceptable here, so type yes at the confirmation prompt to proceed.
    3. In the Console, from the Navigation menu, navigate to VPC Network. You will see the terraform-network has been provisioned. 
    4. In Cloud Shell run the terraform show command to inspect the current state:
       terraform show
Task 2. Change Infrastructure
  Adding resources
    1. In the editor, add a compute instance resource to main.tf. (In sample file, post comment).
    2. Now run terraform apply to create the compute instance:
       terraform apply
    3. Once again, answer yes to the confirmation prompt.
  Changing resources
    1. Add a tags argument to your "vm_instance" so that it looks like the main.tf file (commented out section).
    2. Run terraform apply again to update the instance:
       terraform apply
    3. The prefix ~ means that Terraform will update the resource in place. You can go and apply this change now by responding yes, and Terraform will add the tags to your instance.
  Destructive changes
    1. Edit the boot disk block inside the vm_instance resource in your configuration file and change it to the commented out section in the main.tf file.
    2. Now run terraform apply again to see how Terraform will apply this change to the existing resources:
       terraform apply
    3. Once again, Terraform prompts for approval of the execution plan before proceeding. Answer yes to execute the planned steps.
  Destroy infrastructure
    - Try the terraform destroy command. Answer yes to execute this plan and destroy the infrastructure:
      terraform destroy
Task 3. Create resource dependencies
- Recreate your network and instance. After you respond to the prompt with yes, the resouces will be created:
  terraform apply
  Assigning a static IP address
    1. Now add to your configuration by assigning a static IP to the VM instance in main.tf. (In sample file.)
    2. Next, run terraform plan:
       terraform plan
    3. Update the network_interfae configuration for your instance like in the sample file.
    4. Run terraform plan again, but this time, save the plane:
       terraform plan -out static_ip
    5. Run terraform apply "static_ip" to see how Terraform plans to apply this change:
       terraform apply "static_ip"
  Implicit and explicit dependencies
    1. Add a Cloud Storage bucket and an instance with an explicit dependency on the bucket by adding noted section in the sample file to main.tf:
